hey brother Ben I got new glasses can
you see you can you see you can you see
oh that's my set it's fully
reconstructed the identity crisis and
the renovations are over and I love it
down here it's so much brighter look
they even painted the door I wonder if
they did anything behind the door oh
that's never open the door then to
celebrate being back I'm going to teach
you guys how to make money by doing
nothing more than drinking water this
method works most effectively if you
already have a job preferably a boring
one so basically any office job will do
no once you've had the shop for a while
you'll probably start to realize that
your pay is not really dependent on how
well you do your job or even how much
you get done but really just how much
time you spend there at all so really if
it's just a matter of you being there
the best option would just be there
exist in that space for a little while
do basically nothing and get paid but
first you can't actually just do nothing
because then you're risk losing your job
and then you won't be making any money
at all so the real question then becomes
how to get away with actually doing
nothing for the greatest amount of time
well it's pretty easy Ben all I have to
do is follow these very simple steps one
drink water - that's it don't believe me
no worries I'll walk you through it
Ben the very act of getting up from your
desk to refill your water bottle the
water cooler then return can easily take
45 seconds which might not sound like
much but let's say you're trying to
successfully drink the recommended 8
glasses of water per day that's eight
trips to the water fountain times 45
seconds times five days a week times 50
weeks a year not 52 because suppose you
have two weeks of vacation I need two
weeks vacation fifty weeks of work
that's balanced right I don't understand
why people are so stressed divide that
number by 60 to get the minutes divide
that number by 60 to get the hours and
you have 25 hours of work you got paid
for just for refilling your water bottle
but Jay how can I do nothing even more
efficiently glad you asked it was a very
simple answer cup size a small mug sized
glass like this is good for coffee bad
for water you're going to forget up a
lot of times to refill this and that's
going to draw some unwanted attention
and we want to avoid that at all costs
of course if you go too big you won't be
able to fill up often enough so I
recommend a medium sized mug bonus
points if you can get the company logo
on there because they're such a good and
blue
bonus bonus points if you're drinking
under Virginia Tech Cup the week after
the Mid Ohio State at home for the
largest home crowd I've ever had oh my
god I'm so glad it's football season
hok IPS Hokies pro tip I would also
recommend a straw straws are faster than
sipping I'm a good you back to the water
cooler even faster and don't count the
possibility of running into someone at
the water cooler possibly even try and
time your walk a quick check and really
rack up those seconds plus we'll be
fostering a positive work environment
and that will look good with the boss
but then refilling your cup is really
just the tip of the iceberg the real
money is in the resulting trips to the
bathroom that water's got to go
somewhere then the average trip to the
bathroom takes two and a half minutes or
150 seconds and drinking that much water
it is not unreasonable to think you
might not make 10 trips a day do the
same little bit of math we did earlier
and that comes out to 104 hours a year
and to our earlier total of 25 that
gives us 129 call it 130 or three and a
half weeks of time you just got paid for
for drinking water noting that voyage is
really nothing to scoff at but this is
where it gets fun this is where you can
get creative I mean throw a little fiber
in your diet I can really increase a
couple of those bathroom trips if you
know what I mean
poop doctors recommend washing our hands
for at least thirty seconds I mean
you're just being healthy hey get back
to your desk pretend you didn't wash
your hands throw another 30 seconds of
hand sanitizer if I knew when questions
you just say it's not worth getting sick
by the way you're gonna want to make
sure that is now on mind control hand
sanitizer but not getting sick that the
health card that is the true genius of
this whole situation here's mine I know
this but our bodies are made up of 70%
water water accounts for like all life
on Earth I mean drinking it is just
about the healthiest thing you can do
you look better feel better probably
lose weight and best of all no one can
ever tell you to stop drinking water so
you can never be accused of wasting time
yes some of the most creative people I
know I mean with a little practice I
don't think it's unreasonable things you
can get that number up to five six weeks
even and that is how you get paid to
drink water thinking of water Ben and I
recently dumped some ice cold water on
her head for the ALS ice bucket
challenge we asked you guys to retweet
that video and every tweet would be
worth 50 cents you guys did an amazing
job with 100
14 retweets plus we saw four people
mention us in their ice bucket challenge
video we said that be worth $5 that
brings us up to $80 raised drew super
column brothers thank you guys so much
that is honestly awesome not so honest
that was my video last week 49 lines and
one truth about North Carolina which if
you haven't watched yet and you don't
want to know what the answer is stop
watching this video now ready ready the
truth about North Carolina is that the
state carnivorous plant is the Venus
flytrap did you get it right and what
state should I do next then my question
for you and everyone else is what is
your best time wasting strategy let me
know down in the download section below
and I will see you in another life
brother although maybe if you put all
that time towards actually doing a
really good job at your office you might
get promoted and make more money in the
long run whatever take your chances